Questions:
$100
Which of these mythological creatures is a person of extraordinary size? Giant
Which of these creatures is also the name of a spy? Mole
Which character turns Cinderella from a kitchen maid into a princess, to go to the ball? Fairy Godmother
Which of these expressions means an easy target? Sitting duck

$200-300
Which of these birds has the largest beak? Pelican
Which of these planets shares its name with a metallic element? Mercury
The 'Great Wall' is a major tourist attraction in which country? China
An acre is a unit of measurement of what? Area
Which of these animals is a wild dog? Jackal
What are the small bits of coloured paper thrown over a bride and groom? Confetti
Which of these is a fairy tale character? Snow White
Which of these is a major feature of Arizona? Grand Canyon


$500-1000
Which of these would be most likely to be 'pasteurised'? Milk
In the Bible, who dreams of a ladder reaching to heaven? Jacob
What was the first name of President Truman of the USA? Harry
In Japan, what would you do with 'tofu'? Eat it
Methane is a type of what? Gas
What is a male goat called? Billy
In which US state is Houston? Texas
In which of these sports is the equipment commonly referred to as 'tackle'? Fishing

$2000-8000
What does the '.com' at the end of an Internet address signify? Commercial
What is a young whale called? Calf
What is a 'cowslip'? Flower
Who wrote the novel '20.000 Leagues Under The Sea'? Jules Verne
The word 'cerebral' refers to which part of the body? Brain
On which continent is the country of Rwanda? Africa
What is essential equipment for playing a game of ducks and drakes? Stones
Which of these countries is in Asia? Kazakhstan
A man's three piece suit consists of trousers, jacket and what? Waistcoat
Who was Arnold Schwarzenegger's unlikely twin in the film 'Twins'? Danny DeVito
In Greek mythology, Icarus was the son of whom? Daedalus
What would you do with a 'rollmop'? Eat it

$16000-32000
Which state in the USA has the highest population? California
The BGC vaccine is used against which disease? Tuberculosis
In snooker, which ball has been potted if the point score goes from 29 up to 35? Pink
What colour are the flowers of the laburnum tree? Yellow
What type of creature is a 'mandrill'? Monkey
If you land 'in the rough' which sport are you taking part in? Golf
In mythology, what kind of creature was Cerberus? Dog
Albert Einstein won which Nobel Prize? Physics
Iago is a character in which Shakespeare play? Othello

$64000-125000
Which planet was discovered by Clyde Tombaugh? Pluto
In which country was Albert Einstein born? Germany
In which centuary did Joan of Arc live? 15th
A skull-and-crossbones sign on a vehicle means that it is carrying what type of material? Toxic
The word 'invertebrate', which desribes 95% of all known living creatures, means what? No backbone
What was the meaning of Mussolini's title 'Il Duce'? Leader
What is the real Welsh surname of English singer David Bowie? Jones
What is the second highest rank in the British army? General

£250000-500000
The Battle of Waterloo was fought during the reign of which British monarch? George II
In which sport is the Swalec Cup competed for? Rugby Union
Which organ of the body is affected by Bright's disease? Kidney
Copper and zinc are the main components of which alloy? Brass
In which US state is Fort Knox gold depository? Kentucky
Which city is the legislative capital of South Africa? Cape Town

£1 Million
What is the name of the villainous cat in the Disney film 'Cinderella'? Lucifer
In the ancient Rome, how often did the 'ides' occur in the year? Every month
What is the total value of all the tiles in a scrabble game? 187
In which city is Leonardo Da Vinci's painting 'The Last Supper'? Milan




